README.md, before:

Network Extended License Version 2.1
====================================

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public License, v. 2.0 or higher, with the following additional responsibility (with the definitions given in the Mozilla Public License, Version 2.0 ("License" refers to this document instead of the MPL)):

If Covered Software is available for direct or indirect interaction remotely through a computer network then such Covered Software must also be made available in Source Code Form in the same manner as described in the Mozilla Public License, and You must inform those who interact in such a manner with the Covered Software how they can obtain a copy of such Source Code Form by reasonable means in a timely manner, at a charge no more than the cost of distribution to the recipient.  
If a Larger Work is a combination of Covered Software with a work governed by one or more Secondary Licenses, and the Covered Software is not Incompatible With Secondary Licenses, this License permits You to additionally distribute such Covered Software under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License, Version 3.0, or any later versions of that license, so that the recipient of the Larger Work may, at their option, further distribute the Covered Software under the terms of either this License or the GNU Affero General Public License, Version 3.0, or any later versions of that license.  
All distribution of Covered Software, including any Modifications that You create or to which You contribute, includes this responsibility in addition to the terms of the Mozilla Public License. You must inform recipients of this responsibility.

You may freely distribute these terms, but any modified version must bear a name sufficiently distinct to avoid confusion.

If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/

Commit message:

change to all interaction instead of network interaction: 1st draft

README.md, after:

Interaction Extended License 1st Draft
======================================

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public License, v. 2.0 or higher, with the following additional terms (applying the definitions given in the Mozilla Public License, v. 2.0 or higher):

If Covered Software is available for interaction, be it directly or in use by other software, then such Covered Software must also be made available in Source Code Form in the same manner as described in the Mozilla Public License, v. 2.0 or higher, and You must inform those who interact in such a manner with the Covered Software how they can obtain a copy of that Source Code Form by reasonable means in a timely manner, at a charge no more than the cost of distribution to the recipient.  
All distribution of Covered Software, including any Modifications that You create or to which You contribute, includes these terms in addition to the terms of the Mozilla Public License. You must inform recipients of these terms.   

You may freely distribute these terms, but any modified version must bear a name sufficiently distinct to avoid confusion.

If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
